The Connection and the Cursor
    In data_manager.py exists a function called [get_connection()]
    When the Python script wants to talk to the database it will use this function

- conn = data_manager.get_connection(): This is what will talk to the project_manager.database
- cursor = conn.cursor(): This is middle-man that executes all incoming requests to the database.

Question Marks(?)
    In the create_projects() function, exists a command; cursor.execute("SELECT id FROM projects WHERE LOWER(title) = LOWER(?)", (pname,))
    Using ? is called a Parameterized Query:

Scenario A; The Syntax Crash
A user names their Project: Bob's Project.
If we used an f-string to print the project name, Python would send this text to the database:
    SELECT id FROM projects WHERE title = 'Bob's Project'
Because there is an apostrophe in the project title, the database thinks the string ended early,
and gets confused by the "s Project", and crashes the program spitting out an error. The ? parameter
automatically handles apostrophes and special characters so the database doesnt crash when generating the project.

Scenario B; SQL Injection
A malicious user enters this as their project name:
Project A'; DROP TABLE projects; --
If we used an f-string, we would accidentally send a command to the database telling it to delete our entire projects table.
By using ?, Python explicitly tells the database: "Treat whatever the user typed as plain text, NOT as executable code."

The Tuple Parameters (pname,) and (pname, "Not Started")
When using ? placeholders, you must provide the actual data you want to inject into those placeholders.
You do this by passing a Tuple (a collection of items in parentheses) as the second argument to cursor.execute().
    Multiple Parameters:
    example:
    cursor.execute("INSERT INTO projects (title, status) VALUES (?, ?)", (pname, "Not Started"))
    The database sees two question marks. It looks at the tuple and assigns them in order:
        1. The first ? becomes pname.
        2. The second ? "Not Started".
    
    The Weird Single Parameter:
    example:
    cursor.execute("SELECT ... WHERE LOWER(title) = LOWER(?)", (pname,))
    The reason behind the random comma after pname; In Python, if we just put a variable in parentheses
    (pname), Python thinks we are just grouping math operations. By adding the trailing comma (pname,),
    we are explicitly telling Python: "This is a tuple containing exactly one item." The database expects a tuple,
    so the comma is required.

Commit and Close
- conn.commit()
- conn.close()
When the cursor inserts the new project into the database, it actually does it in a temporary staging area.
conn.commit() tells the database to permanently save those changes to the hard drive. If we forget to commit,
the data disappears the moment the program closes.
conn.close() hangs up the phone line. Databases can only handle so many simultaneous connections, so it is a 
strict rule to always close the connection when the function is finished.